Add scatterchart (#956)
vtex/styleguide: react/components/EXPERIMENTAL_Charts/ScatterChart/README.md

> #### The Scatter charts shows the data as a collection of points, they useful for detect if a relationship or correlation of multiple variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The Scatter charts shows the data as a collection of points, they are useful to detect a relationship or correlation of multiple variables. 
```

> #### The Scatter charts shows the data as a collection of points, they useful for detect if a relationship or correlation of multiple variables. 

Reviewer: @fanny did you apply the suggestion? I still see `they useful for detect` here.

Author: Strange, but done!

> #### The Scatter charts shows the data as a collection of points, they are useful for detect if there's a relationship or correlation of multiple variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The Scatter charts shows the data as a collection of points, they are useful to detect if there's a relationship or correlation of multiple variables. 
```

Author: Sorry, i'm really confused about what happened

```js
const data = [
  { x: 100, y: 200, z: 200 },
  { x: 120, y: 100, z: 260 },
  { x: 170, y: 300, z: 400 },
  { x: 140, y: 250, z: 280 },
  { x: 150, y: 400, z: 500 },
  { x: 110, y: 280, z: 200 },
];

<ScatterChart

>   config={{container: {width: '100%', height: '100%'}}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  config={{ container: { width: '100%', height: '100%' } }}
```

  data={data}
  xAxisKey='x'
  yAxisKey='y'
/>
```

### Chart Config

> You also can change the axis, grid, and the size of the container like the `LineChart`. Follow the same instructions, described [here](/#/Components/Charts/LineChart?id=chart-config).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You also can change the axis, grid and the size of the container like the `LineChart`. Follow the same instructions, described [here](/#/Components/Charts/LineChart?id=chart-config).
```
